5g is a weapon used by the military do
you know these 5g millimeter-wave
technologies so used to scatter crowns
you know they drive up in these in this
technology when they want to scatter a
cloud and they put out these frequencies
[Music]
the world is aching for this information
and they're looking for answers to all
these problems in the world are you
feeling that more than Oh big time I was
looking around and observing people and
observing events and it was very clear
that although there there were was not
you know at this fast number of people
that were saying all this a conspiracy
or whatever they they were uncomfortable
about the world they were uncomfortable
about what was happening they they
couldn't articulate why they were
uncomfortable but they didn't like it
they felt uneasy about it and so I when
I started out on this speaking tour to
to basically say to those people this is
why you're feeling uneasy because this
is why why these events are happening
they're not random they're happening by
actually long-planned
design and when people hear another
explanation of the world which instead
of presenting the world as a series of
random dots but actually connects them
and says that's happening because of
that and that's happening because of
that and that's connected to that and
that's connected to that and this is
where they're all leading us you know
it's extraordinary to see see the lights
go on and people go actually this makes
far more sense than then what I've got
from the mainstream media so it's some
it is a time of great challenge because
this thing is moving not least into the
technological level of control but you
know there's such a difference between
what you see in the mainstream what you
see coming from people who dominate the
microphones
and what you get when you talk to people
in in the general population that they
do not see this the life the same way
not least because the more they observe
the real world that they're told to
believe in the less sense it makes the
more ridiculous it be it is so there has
to be other explanation some people are
more open to them 5g is a weapon used by
the military do you know these 5g
millimeter-wave technologies are used to
scatter crowns you know they drive up in
these in this technology when they want
to scatter a cloud and they put out
these frequencies in a much higher power
than 5g will be initially with us but
the same frequencies and people scatter
because they get the feeling their skin
is on fire because the human body
including the skin is an antenna it
interacts with frequencies and it
receives and transmits information at
the cutting edge of understanding of DNA
scientists know that DNA is a receiver
transmitter of information and so we are
electromagnetic electrical organisms
transmitters and receivers of
information when our electromagnetic
fields are imbalance in harmony
we have health we have psychological
health and we have physical health the
reason that this technological society
is causing so much psychological and and
quote physical disease is because these
frequencies technologically-driven live
in this Wi-Fi world now and all this
phone masts and all the rest of it
these technologically generated
frequencies are scrambling the balance
of the human electric electromagnetic
electrical communication systems and if
you scramble them
uuuugh create a state of disharmony
dis-ease which plays through to physical
and
mental emotional psychological disk ease
I say this to kids and anybody else how
long could you how long could you live
without your smartphone
and then ask what is an alcoholic what
an alcoholic is someone addicted to
alcohol yeah
why is he dicted alcohol because he
can't stop drinking it yeah but you
can't put your phone down and if you do
within a few minutes you pick it up
again because you're addicted to it so
are you controlling that bit of
technology in your hand or is that
controlling you that's controlling you
so do you want your life controlled by a
bit of Technology do you want the rest
of your life controlled by it or are you
now going to go put this down the brain
processes information electrically it
communicates with a cellular structure
electrically and it operates within a
certain band of frequency if you can
broadcast frequencies carrying
information is this technology's long
been known carrying information and
perceptions within the frequency that
that the brain decodes information the
brain will decode those frequencies and
we'll have those perceptions you can
externally even without connection to AI
although that's the piece de resistance
if you like that's that's the gun of
holy grail but even before that you can
influence people's perceptions
externally by broadcasting these
frequencies that that we interact with
because we are antenna if technology is
going to be the servant rather than the
governor
it has to serve the interests of
humanity and humanity does not have to
serve it we're in a situation now where
humanity is serving technology and it
will be serving AI increasingly it is
serving AI in its algorithmic expression
every thought every emotional response
is a frequency it generates a frequency
and it is of itself a frequency hate is
a frequency and it's different to love
you know when you are in a in a room and
there's lots of aggression and conflict
hatred you feel it what do people say oh
god you can cut the atmosphere with a
knife in there that is because the
frequencies of hate and conflicts have
been so generated they have changed the
electromagnetic field of the room okay
so you live G is gonna be weaponized
against us yeah but the point being that
they worked out the frequencies of
various emotions including rage and my
heavier and basically they they can play
across a community these frequencies
with anyone knowing and it starts to
have an effect and you find there is
very very little that won't wait till
you're on a landline and you can have a
proper conversation with someone without
this burning your brain and without you
constantly on it because
what is happening in this cabal nosiness
for a very long time indeed right up to
recent times science believe that once
the brain was formed that was it that's
how it stayed now they know it's very
different through this thing they called
blame brain placidity brain placidity
means the brain is changing in the way
it processes information at the neuron
networks it creates to process
information on the basis of information
received so what we've had in this very
short time is the human brain bombarded
with digital electrical stimulus that
it's never experienced before
5g doesn't travel well because of the
nature of its frequency so instead of
big towers as we have now broadcasting
these frequencies long distances it
won't do that and it doesn't go through
solid objects what we call solid objects
very much either so to overcome that
there are going to be boxes broadcasting
5g this weapon down every Street all
over the world you're talking phenomenal
numbers of these boxes broadcasting like
on on the lamp standard outside your
children's bedroom and stuff
broadcasting your stuff there's no way
you'll be able to go where you you won't
be in in a field of 5g it's changing the
human brain it's changing the way the
brain processes information and how we
process information dictates our
perception of reality and people might
not realize why they're feeling it they
start feeling and then what they do is
they they trigger that with an event
maybe a you know some guy is attacked by
the police or something
or somebody's have arrested for its own
ending c'mere and and now that there's
the trigger the blue touch paper has
been lived of this manufactured frequent
driving range and you have mass riots
and what-have-you and people do things
that they wouldn't normally do and you
can make people depressed you know that
the American military they've admitted
this they have technology that fires
frequencies at the enemy that basically
breaks the enemy's spirit so they they
give up and put their weapons down
because you're not supporting them going
down this road of technological control
so when people say there's nothing I can
do I'm just little me first of all
you're not little me that's just a
perception in itself it is endless
things been concluded questions are we
going to do them and that answer to that
question will decide if we end up in
this technological dystopia or whether
we don't and we better start making the
choice quick because it's moving fast
[Music]